h1. Tripit Component for Adhearsion

* <a href="http://jsgoecke.github.com/tripit">http://jsgoecke.github.com/tripit</a>

h2. Description

Provides a dialplan method for determining the user's current time and GMT offset based on their <a href='http://www.tripit.com/uhp/helpFaq#bb0'>Tripit Badge</a>.

h2. Requirements

* <a href="http://adhearsion.com">Adhearsion v0.8+</a>
* <a href="http://github.com/tenderlove/nokogiri">Nokogiri</a>
* <a href="http://json.rubyforge.org/">JSON</a>
* <a href="http://rest-client.heroku.com/rdoc/">Rest-Client</a>

h2. Install

In the ~ahn_project/components directory:

<pre>git clone git://github.com/jsgoecke/tripit.git</pre>

h2. Configuration

Add your users and their corresponding <a href='http://www.tripit.com/uhp/helpFaq#bb0'>Tripit Badge</a> Javascript URI to the tripit.yml file. Examples are already in the file, although you will need to add a valid URI.

h2. Example

Here is an example for your dialplan.rb:

<pre>
<code>
	adhearsion {
	  user_time = tripit_user_time?('guido')
	  if user_time
	    ahn_log.tripit.debug user_time
	  else
	    ahn_log.tripit.debug 'Error'
	  end

	  user_time = tripit_user_time?('jdoe')
	  if user_time
	    ahn_log.tripit.debug user_time
	  else
	    ahn_log.tripit.debug 'Error'
	  end
	}
</code>
</pre>

h2. License

The MIT License
 
Copyright (c) 2009 Jason Goecke
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.